hi everybody welcome to the video of the
day today featuring the portfolio 3
light vanity bar and this is very simple
to install as you see it comes with a
vanity bar screw the casing then you
know you lose the wire nuts and connect
the black white and ground wires to it
and there you go and you have a light
pulse setup it's more meant to be the
bathroom light ok so this is the one
that how it looks like just a few
comments I want to make on this
installation first of all the fit and
finish is average there's some finish we
have on one of the lights we purchased
that we had to return because the finish
has some scratches and didn't coat the
whole light fixture the screws were the
same to fit the fitting was really great
it looks really top-notch but at a very
reasonable price is under $50 we got it
from Lowe's and you know it looks great
in the bathroom so one time to say is
hey you know go out and get it if you
like to get something at a deal and it
looks good
definitely not very high end high
quality but you know simple to install
there's two screws here one on the left
one on the right you know if there's a
you know threaded through the two screws
facing the other side that's a little
challenge in a beginning but it's not
hard to do it they see there is a
circumference that this light doesn't
seem to completely cover because it's a
square compared to a circular oval light
was in there before so we had to put
some joint compound wall compound on to
finish it up and the Machine is sanded
and I'm painting again so that means we
have to do another removal at the center
light so basically you take the light
pulse off unscrew it
at the same time take out the the glass
part in that's how you access it again
so that's something that power fall upon
at a later date and pretty much that's
the video of the day and video surprise
and thanks for joining me today
hopefully the video was informative and
helpful and I'll see you next time thank
you bye